updated splunk add-on README.md (#18)
demisto/splunk-app: add-on/README.md

# Demisto Add-on for Splunk

> Supporting Add-on for Cortex XSOAR. This application allows a user to create incident into XSOAR from Splunk using custom alert action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supporting Add-on for Cortex XSOAR. This application allows a user to push incidents into Cortex XSOAR from Splunk using a custom alert action.
```

# Requirements
* Splunk version 7.2 >=

> # Procedure for Using the Demisto Add-on in Splunk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Development Setup for Using the Demisto Add-on in Splunk
```
